[Music]
hmm imagine our planet from afar now
look closer closer yep like this see
that huge moving mass there come a bit
closer still these are people millions
if not billions of them all males and
they all seem to be gathered in front of
something they look as if they're
revering it closer yet oh it's a throne
and on it is seated a woman it all
started about a century and a half ago
girls just stopped being born every
child in every family was a boy a
perfectly healthy little cherub at first
people didn't pay much attention to it
and in some more traditional cultures it
was even considered good luck
family's got hale and hearty heirs and
all was well but then after a while they
started feeling that something was off
this was especially evident in smaller
communities where children were born as
often as in big cities and everyone knew
each other a boy here a boy there no
girls in sight ten years passed and
there were hundreds and thousands of
boys approaching their teenage years but
still no girls there were of course
girls in schools those aged from 11
upwards so there wasn't much concerned
about demographics even then after all a
single year wasn't going to make much
difference when the kids grew older you
know how that goes in relationships
anyway it was yet too soon to talk about
that kindergartners had more troubles
though there were simply no girls at all
they looked like boarding schools for
boys more than anything else and those
little guys didn't even know what a girl
was because they hadn't seen one in
their short lifetime teachers were at a
loss but they couldn't do anything it
was nature after all more years came and
went and all the school kids had grown
into young adults many of the
yesterday's boys got into relationships
or even married girls they went to
school with some stayed single and so on
life seemed more or less normal but not
for contemporary schools they had the
same situation that Kim
Gardens had had previously and still
couldn't solve no we're in no class was
there a single mixed group of students
only boys whose picture of a female
person was limited to some of the
teachers TV radio and the internet
started issuing news about the problem
and soon it became obvious that it was
the same all over the world
nobody had given birth to a girl for
many years the scientific community
stirred and the best minds from all
spheres of knowledge started thinking of
a way to bring back the female birthrate
but for years to come
they could do nothing but scratch their
heads the mystery remained unsolved
those from the last population of women
who got married eventually had children
boys all of them not only junior and
high schools were filled with male
students but colleges and universities -
here grew a generation that had never
seen a female person of their own age
and that caused lots of trouble boys are
highly inflammable by nature and
conflicts rose daily if the smallest of
the kids could still be reined in
teenagers were becoming downright unruly
they flocked together in parties and
associations seeking their place in the
world and fighting with other alliances
as they grew bigger so did their
ambitions the strife or power among
young individuals became immense
everyone tried to prove to everyone else
they were worth something some did so
with words others with less peaceful
means years flew by and the world was
growing less and less stable everyone
under the age of 40 was male no
exceptions the planet was rapidly losing
its women and those who remained were
treated as Queens gender differentiation
became a mandatory subject in schools
because there were fewer and fewer young
men who even knew what a woman actually
was young or old with time though
this subject turned from a potentially
practical thing to the stuff of history
after a hundred years came recession no
women were left in the world and even
the word became somewhat archaic
pictures of female persons were still in
place as were movies and songs but they
were rather an oddity of old times men
both young and old regarded them with
sarcasm it was all water under the
bridge they had to concentrate on more
pressing concerns such as a demographic
collapse no wonder it happened no one
could give birth to new children so
there were no newborn boys either no
kids at all kindergartens were all
closed and abandoned schools were
growing sparse with fewer and fewer
students attending until there were none
left there either
conflicts became a matter of everyday
life in the new society full of
ambitious individualist with no place
for love and tenderness in their hearts
in another decade the world's population
became fully adult there were no
teenagers left and men of the planet
started forgetting what children look
like only the oldest of the old still
remembered the times when kids would run
around the place but none already could
recall any live woman they'd met but
then a miracle happened when scientific
laboratories specializing in gene
modifications suddenly informed the
world that its researchers managed to
create an embryo with two similar types
of chromosomes xx males have two
different types of chromosomes x and y
while females have two of the same kind
it could only mean one thing
they had a yet unborn but still
undoubtedly a girl when the news spread
the whole planet held its breath but
soon the spell broke some brush the idea
aside as nonsense others shrug and
waited for more specific results and
others still got to thinking in less
than a year it became obvious that the
genetic experiment was a success
the embryo was alive and well growing
inside a special vial with everything it
could need scientists watched it day and
night and all the world's governments
gave them the highest level of security
they were very much afraid of spoiling
anything
but still they found a way to speed up
the baby's development and in another
half year she opened her eyes and took
her first breath the news made headlines
across the planet the first girl in over
a hundred years she stayed at the
laboratory heavily guarded for her own
safety and no one but the research team
was allowed to visit her she was only
shown to the world once to give
undeniable proof that she wasn't another
myth she was indeed the greatest
treasure of humankind and her name was
Aurora when she turned 18 she was
finally given some freedom of movement
but she was still never let completely
out of surveillance for her own sake she
met with people talked to them and they
wondered at her having never seen anyone
like her
Aurora became the biggest celebrity of
the world everyone wanted to have a word
or at least a look at her and finally
she arranged for a united meeting
everyone who cared to come was invited
on the grand day Aurora was seated on a
high chair more like a throne even and
surrounded by giant screens that showed
her sitting on it
and before her millions upon millions of
men gathered looking wonderingly and not
believing their eyes they were asking
her questions and she answered for
several hours but after a while she
suddenly stood up and complete silence
befell everyone aurora was clearly going
to say something important and so she
spoke men of the world i have diligently
answered your questions but i beg you to
listen to me now i'm happy to see you
here and on this spectacular day i'd
like to present you dr araf suresh whom
you can call my father i believe please
hear him out this news will probably
turn your lives upside down all eyes
were on the man in the limelight now
nobody said a word and not a single
breath was taken dr. Suresh cleared his
throat and said citizens of the world it
is my pleasure to tell you today that
after so many years our research has
finally come to a happy conclusion
thanks to Aurora's genetic material we
have been able to create several more
embryos they're all alive and well soon
eighteen new lives will be brought to
earth and five of them are female we I
have to thank Aurora for this thank you
my beloved daughter
and with these words he hugged Aurora
like the father he was and she hugged
him back silence outside stretched for a
little while longer but then it seemed
like the whole world went boom five more
girls 13 little boys children would once
again walk the earth there was still
hope for Humanity after all hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life